README.md, before:

# Bravo Company, 2nd Marine Raider Battalion Training Map
Training map for the Bravo Company, 2nd Marine Raider Battalion ArmA 3 Unit.

## Features

#### Items with checked boxes are completed.
###### Training Areas:
  - [x] AT
  - [ ] AA
  - [ ] Grenadier *
  - [ ] Corpsman *
  - [x] Marksman
  - [ ] JTAC
  - [ ] Driver
  - [ ] Parachuting/HALO
  - [ ] Aviation

######
- [ ] USS Khe Sahn (LHD) Strike Group
- [x] Vehicle Garages
- [x] Firing Range (100-400m)
- [x] Firing Range (400m+)
- [x] Briefing Area
- [ ] Maritime Interdiction Scenario *
- [ ] CQC Shoothouses *
  - [x] Shoothouse 1
  - [x] Shoothouse 2
  - [ ] Shoothouse 3
  - [x] The Pit
  - [ ] Consulate
- [x] Land Navigation Course (Rogaining)

###### More * = higher priority

## Change Log

### Version 0.1.0
- All scripts done
- 3den setup in progress

### Version 0.2.0
- Main Base Complete
- Shoothouses 1-2, The Pit, and Consulate complete
- Land Navigation Course (Rogaining) complete

### Version 0.2.1
- Fixed the bug stopping players from starting the shoothouse or land navigation course.
- Added Vehicle Pools
- Cleaned up Layers (Editor)
	- Removed empty layers
	- Renamed layers
	- Changed what objects are in what layers
- Added group names to player groups.
- Moved all scripts to the Functions Library (Optimization)
- Added ORBAT
- Updated Briefing

### Version 0.2.2
- Added 100-400 meter firing ranges
- Updated ORBAT
- Miscellaneous optimization changes
- Added the USS Khe Sahn (LHD), USS Liberty (Destroyer), and Cargo Ship (Natural Gas); No interactions, respawns, etc. have been added.

### Version 0.2.3
- Added 400-1000m firing range
- Added teleporter to 100-400m firing ranges and 400-1000m firing range
- Added runway lights and helicopters at main base (Hall)
- Added new helicopters to helicopter spawner (small aviation vehicles)
- Cleaned up Layers (Editor)
- Merged 'Hide Terrain Object' Modules where appropriate
- Added MOS Training Areas
	- AT Range
	- Marksman Range (400-1000m firing range)
- Updated shoothouses
	- Ability to choose responsive/unresponsive AI (responsive AI will shoot back, unresponsive won't)
	- Added spectator buildings and teleporters for The Pit
	- Minor bug fixes
- Added loadout saving

**NOTE: The Consulate Shoothouse does not work.  However, Shoothouse 1, 2, and The Pit do work.**

Commit message:

Version 0.2.4 - Hotfix
- Fixed arsenal trigger bug that sends a systemchat to everyone instead of the specific player that exited the trigger
- Bug fixes to the loadout saving script
	- remoteExec and call script
	- use current player loadout instead of nil for fetching loadout
- Started work on Shoothouse 3
- Removed all assets/scripts with a dependency for the "FIR AWS(AirWeaponSystem)" mod

README.md, after:

# Bravo Company, 2nd Marine Raider Battalion Training Map
Training map for the Bravo Company, 2nd Marine Raider Battalion ArmA 3 Unit.

## Features

#### Items with checked boxes are completed.
###### Training Areas:
  - [x] AT
  - [ ] AA
  - [ ] Grenadier *
  - [ ] Corpsman *
  - [x] Marksman
  - [ ] JTAC
  - [ ] Driver
  - [ ] Parachuting/HALO
  - [ ] Aviation

######
- [ ] USS Khe Sahn (LHD) Strike Group
- [x] Vehicle Garages
- [x] Firing Range (100-400m)
- [x] Firing Range (400m+)
- [x] Briefing Area
- [ ] Maritime Interdiction Scenario *
- [ ] CQC Shoothouses *
  - [x] Shoothouse 1
  - [x] Shoothouse 2
  - [ ] Shoothouse 3
  - [x] The Pit
  - [ ] Consulate
- [x] Land Navigation Course (Rogaining)

###### More * = higher priority

## Change Log

### Version 0.1.0
- All scripts done
- 3den setup in progress

### Version 0.2.0
- Main Base Complete
- Shoothouses 1-2, The Pit, and Consulate complete
- Land Navigation Course (Rogaining) complete

### Version 0.2.1
- Fixed the bug stopping players from starting the shoothouse or land navigation course.
- Added Vehicle Pools
- Cleaned up Layers (Editor)
	- Removed empty layers
	- Renamed layers
	- Changed what objects are in what layers
- Added group names to player groups.
- Moved all scripts to the Functions Library (Optimization)
- Added ORBAT
- Updated Briefing

### Version 0.2.2
- Added 100-400 meter firing ranges
- Updated ORBAT
- Miscellaneous optimization changes
- Added the USS Khe Sahn (LHD), USS Liberty (Destroyer), and Cargo Ship (Natural Gas); No interactions, respawns, etc. have been added.

### Version 0.2.3
- Added 400-1000m firing range
- Added teleporter to 100-400m firing ranges and 400-1000m firing range
- Added runway lights and helicopters at main base (Hall)
- Added new helicopters to helicopter spawner (small aviation vehicles)
- Cleaned up Layers (Editor)
- Merged 'Hide Terrain Object' Modules where appropriate
- Added MOS Training Areas
	- AT Range
	- Marksman Range (400-1000m firing range)
- Updated shoothouses
	- Ability to choose responsive/unresponsive AI (responsive AI will shoot back, unresponsive won't)
	- Added spectator buildings and teleporters for The Pit
	- Minor bug fixes
- Added loadout saving

### Version 0.2.4 - Hotfix
- Fixed arsenal trigger bug that sends a systemchat to everyone instead of the specific player that exited the trigger
- Bug fixes to the loadout saving script
	- remoteExec and call script
	- use current player loadout instead of nil for fetching loadout
- Started work on Shoothouse 3
- Removed all assets/scripts with a dependency for the [FIR AWS(AirWeaponSystem)](https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=366425329) mod

**NOTE: The Consulate Shoothouse does not work.  However, Shoothouse 1, 2, and The Pit do work.**
